hi this is bird lover 74 and this video
is a request from t-ara green 22 and her
request was what kinds of toys purchase
or like decorations can be put in my
cupboards Kate so where can the boys are
going to really be in our video because
they're eating right now in their
playpen this is just a little area where
they can play with other toys and
they're eating so we're getting really
good right now so they're not going to
be a new have to have more than are at
least two toys to put in our cage
because our eyes they'll get bored and
you should rearrange them a lot so that
they're like oh look I'm i I've new toys
when like they'll think its new toys if
you like move them around and I will
rotate their toys yeah and so we have
three you have you should have at least
two and then there's a mirror but that's
not like a toy and they like a lot of
mirrors and shiny things that um that
they can see themselves in in bunches
you have to have at least 2 i'd say we
have three in here and there little
there's inhibitors little skechers on
the perch you don't have to have those
but it helps file their nails down if
they're getting too sharp and there's
different sizes for different sized
purchases and so we are to just wood
ones and one like a rope kind of enemies
back here it's really wide yeah and the
for the they can get arthritis really
easily so you should give them different
and different textures and sizes of the
perches so they don't get it because
it's really bad for their feet and
different sizes and textures helps
exercises so make sure you do that and
that way you'll burn your bird will have
a good Kate so thanks for watching bye